Congratulations and thank you.
I wanna sincerely thank you for your time
and for your commitment to completing this course.
Small investment is like a mustard seed,
or saving a little bit of money every day on a cup of coffee
by making it yourself at home
as we discussed at the beginning of the course
can have a massive impact in the long run on your net worth
and so congratulations on finishing
part one, two and three of the course.
There was a lot of work involved
and I sincerely hope that you now feel even more confident
and more excited about your financial future
and your ability to save, protect and make more money
and if I can resourceful in any way to you,
you know please let me know.
Now the remainder of the videos in this course are optional
and they will teach you exactly how I made
this complete Personal Finance Dashboard Excel file
in case you wanted to customize the spreadsheet,
or just learn some cool, new excel tricks
that can help you with your excel
and business productivity skills.
And I'm gonna assume that we have no experience in excel
while I explain how to create this spreadsheet.
Lastly, the best way to ensure
that you will be able to save, protect and make more
is not only to practice what we learned this course,
but more importantly to teach others,
especially within your family and your friends
what you've learned because when one teaches two learn.
Thanks again and God bless.